"MOTIVATION LETTER 
Dear Aalto University Admission Committee,
My name is Hang Le. I am writing to express my strong interest in pursuing a Master's degree in Computer Science at Aalto University. 
I am convinced that this program will provide me with the skills and knowledge necessary to take the next step in my career.
There are several reasons why I wish to become a Master's student in Computer Science. After graduating from Turku University 
of Applied Sciences (UAS) in May 2020, I have been working as a software developer. During this time, I have come to understand the importance of a strong foundation in computer science. While the knowledge from the 
Bachelor's program provided a broad overview of the field, I would love to dive deeper into the specifics, especially in the Software Systems and Technologies track. Additionally, the field of computer science is constantly 
evolving, thus a Master's degree program would certainly help me stay current with the latest technologies and best practices. Last but not least, a graduate in Computer Science is blessed with the freedom of choice: I get 
to choose which exciting and challenging problems to solve, and at the same time, I could also decide where and when to do it. Computer Science definitely is one of the exceptional lines of work that offers remote work and 
flexible hours. 
If admitted to the Master's program, I would specialize in the Software System and Technologies (SST) track. After 3 years of working as a front-end developer, I realized that I am interested in advancing my skills to 
become a full-stack developer. I believe the SST track seems well-suited for fulfilling this goal. Moreover, the course description mentions courses related to cloud computing, which is an important area as many modern 
software systems are hosted on the cloud or are transitioning to it. Therefore, I believe the program will help me immensely in getting familiar with cloud computing and its practical application. Lastly, the SST program 
covers a wide range of topics such as software design, testing and debugging, and software project management, which will promisingly provide me with the skills and knowledge necessary to develop high-quality software 
systems. In a nutshell, the SST track appears to be a well-designed track that could help me to stay relevant and competent in this rapidly-changing field.
Based on my personal motivations and past experiences, I believe I would be a great fit for the Computer Science program at Aalto. Firstly, I am a driven, hard-working and result-oriented individual with a proven track 
record. I have consistently been a top-performing student. During my student years in Vietnam, I was awarded several times the "Student with the highest GPA" award for my outstanding academic results. For my Bachelor's, I 
graduated from Turku UAS with a GPA of 4.51/5. My study programme's standard time is 4 years, but it took me only 3.5 years to graduate. On top of that, my 3-year work experience as a software developer has given me good 
exposure to the programming world where I got familiar with the basics of web-based software development. Secondly, besides the academic records, I am also an active participant in off-school activities. I have joined 
numerous hackathons (Junction, Dash, Startup Marathon) and student events (being a student tutor, joining the Circular Economy excursions,…). My efforts were recognized as I was awarded a scholarship two years in a row by 
The Foundation for the Support of Technology Education at University of Applied Sciences when I was a student at Turku UAS, thanks to my study results and extracurricular activities. Thirdly, being a student at Aalto has 
always been my dream. In fact, I was once admitted to Aalto's IDBM program in 2020 with a full scholarship. Unfortunately, due to personal circumstances, I was not able to attend school then. But I am now eager to fulfill 
my dream of becoming an Aalto student and studying what I am passionate about.
If I were to be given a study place, I believe I would offer certain contributions to the school and fellow students. I bring a different color to the picture as I am an international student who has lived in Finland for a 
while. I could offer my perspective which is a harmonious blend  of Asian cultural influences and insights gained from my observations of the Finnish ways of life. Additionally, I have a great passion for meditation and 
mindfulness. I could potentially start a meditation gathering where other students with the same interest could participate and share the experience with one another. Finally, I love volunteering. It’s well-known that Aalto 
organizes plenty of events on different scales. I would be happy to be an engaged member to assist in such events and connect with others along the way. 
Thank you so much for considering my application.
Sincerely,
Le Thi Thuy Hang"


I hope my letter offers some insights that you find useful. If you are applying to Aalto this year, best of luck to your application!
